---
title: 2025 / Q3
description: Report for the months July-September 2025
slug: 2025-Q3
---

# PAL Community Report 2025 / Q3
Date: 12.11.2025

This Community report summarizes the activity of the Polkadot Assurance Legion (PAL) during the period July-September 2025.

## PAL

The Polkadot Assurance Legion (PAL) is a community-driven initiative that aims to make Polkadot a safer and more attractive place for both builders and users by allocating funds from the Polkadot Treasury ([bounty #22](https://polkadot.subscan.io/bounty/22)) to advance security in Rust / Polkadot SDK.

PAL provides funding for audits (Rust and Solidity), security tooling, bug bounties, and common-good security initiatives. Find out more about the various funding opportunities on [PAL’s homepage](https://dotpal.io).

## Summary
In the period of March through May 2025, PAL provided funding for 2 audits, both of which fall under the "common-good" category.

One of the highlights is an in-depth audit of [Polkadot Frontier](https://github.com/polkadot-evm/frontier) - the EVM compatibility layer used by Moonbeam, Hydration, and others. This initiative - led and fully funded by PAL - allowed us to audit a massive 67,618 LOC of the Frontier codebase, part of which not covered by previous audits. With no critical issues uncovered, we (as an ecosystem) can continue maintaining confidence in the most widely used EVM layer (currently) for Substrate.

Another important milestone was the choice of vendor for the development of a comprehensive [ecosystem monitoring tool](/rfp/2501).

In the [security tooling](/funding/security_tooling) category, PAL provided funding for the maintenance of [Scout](https://github.com/CoinFabrik/scout-audit/) - a static analysis tool which enables developers to automatically identify common vulnerabilities in their Substrate runtimes (e.g. unsafe math). You can find more about Scout on our [security tooling](/security_tooling#scout-by-coinfabrik) page.

Furthermore, PAL started a consultation round to collect feedback on its first Request for Proposals (RFP) for the development of

Spending breakdown:

| What             | How much       |
|------------------|----------------|
| Audits           | 48,860 DOT     |
| Curator salaries | 13,379 DOT     |
|                  |                |
| **Total**        | **62,239 DOT** |

## Overview
### Audits
| ID | Audit                | Co-funded | LOC   | Critical | High | Med | Low | Report                                                  |
|----|----------------------|-----------|-------|----------|------|-----|-----|---------------------------------------------------------|
| 14 | guvenkaya-virto-2507 | 2,919 DOT | ? LOC | ?        | ?    | ?   | ?   | [report](/audit_reports/25q2/frontier-srlabs-2505.pdf)  |

### Tooling
| ID | Audit                         | Paid out  | Category        | Github                                               |
|----|-------------------------------|-----------|-----------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| 14 | Coinfabrik Scout: Maintenance | 4,424 DOT | Static Analysis | [Github](https://github.com/CoinFabrik/scout-audit/) |

### Other
The PAL curators have received in total 13,772 DOT as remuneration for their work. This corresponds to $3,000 per curator per month, using the 7d EMA DOT price.
